Custom domains: track validation process (#9428)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/custom-domains.rst

    Loading the domain details in the Read the Docs dashboard and saving the domain again will force a revalidation.

The validation process period has ended
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> After you create your domain, you have 30 days to complete the configuration.

Reviewer: Just a little clarification that these are custom domains on RTD:

```suggestion
After you add a new custom domain, you have 30 days to complete the configuration.
```

> After that period has ended, we will stop trying to validate your domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once that period has ended, we will stop trying to validate your domain.
```

> After that period has ended, we will stop trying to validate your domain,
> if you still want to complete the configuration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that period has ended, we will stop trying to validate your domain.
If you still want to complete the configuration,
```
